resistance 3 chapter 3 yeah it's really
kind of annoying when you there's a
level select thing that shows you what
levels you've beat on what difficulty
yeah but they don't correspond to the
chapters Oh like so for level 1 or no
for this is so there's like five
different cities that you go through
throughout the game uh-huh and like the
second city like it starts off at the
train yard and all the train yard is
chapter 6 but that I put it like ends a
little bit early for chapter 7 so i end
up have like when i did my trial run I
don't know only I care about it so maybe
I shouldn't talk about so much but have
no idea it's saying yeah so okay so this
said chapter 3 right and right now
you're just kind of running following
this guy so if you want to load up
chapter 3 there's no easy way to do it
oh you have to choose an arbitrary name
they might not necessarily know is
chapter 3i so I'm cutting these videos
and organizing them because i think the
chapter names are what people are going
to look for when they use my guide
because that's gonna be the most
significant name that they think that
they can think of if they're stuck on
the need to search for something online
but if you're trying to go back and
replay a section it's damn near
impossible to get exactly where you want
if you want to start at the chip
beginning of chapter 12 or something
like that yeah well anyway so now you
run into the auger and it's hard to
imagine that you're starting with
resistance 3 but resist the auger in
resistance is really cool gun um it its
primary fire goes through walls and if
you scoped in with it you can see people
through walls like far I in perfect dark
Farsight Farsight yes well you smell
like buell same in right now now I'm
kidding me see that dude and you can
shoot through all the more walls the
bullet passed through the more damage it
does so if you're shooting people like
across the map and multiplayer with an
auger
I don't know if you can get like a one
hit kill but um but every time the
bullets go through like another section
of wall it kind of pauses for a second
or two so if they're actually moving
it'd be very hard to hit people it's
just for standing still right so if
someone's not playing maybe you could
like get them across the map yeah but
anyway then the secondary fire on this
creates a shield that you can shoot
through when you're using the auger so
it instantly makes your bullets more
powerful yes and it protects you but
other augers can go through it so if
you're going up ahead against a
steelhead just the name of the unit that
carries the augurs then they don't
really do shit I see so yeah that was
the kind of order tutorial section it
seems pretty early to be getting the
auger it's like such a cool weapon you
think that it'd be more like an endgame
um yeah I guess sure so how does this
one stack up so i guess i should mention
that if you're playing through this the
first time and you haven't upgraded the
auger too far you'll probably notice
that when I shoot the auger it has three
bullets coming out of it yeah I think
you get that for level two of the auger
okay level three of the auger gets you a
shield that was stands more damage and
and that's it three levels around three
levels yep and they don't correspond to
multiplayer at all so it's not like
playing single players lots gonna give
you a head up and multi heads up bur but
a head start and multiplayer house I'm
trying to say um so how does it stack up
to one and two single player wise yeah
um guys it's been so long since I played
one it's really hard to remember to I
remember being kind of disappointing I
really like this though it's a lot of
fun a multiplayer sucks ass it is broken
and unplayable
the beta was better which is so you
don't think this is a just u prime you
looked into seeing if other people have
this problem oh yeah I can't remember
what site it was I think maybe just the
games the spot gamespot forums mm-hmm
and I was just looking through seeing
you know the general consensus and I saw
someone writing exactly what my thoughts
were that you know every fight comes
down to who's lagging less if you're
close enough to them yeah and it it's so
frustrating because one was so much fun
yahoo is one of the best multiplayer
games i've ever played on a console i
had so much fun with it it was so not
laggy and it was just great all around
and two was a lot of fun too they there
is no co-op vs AI multiplayer anymore
they took that completely out of the
game what you liked which I did like
actually quite a bit from resistance to
I never really got into resistance to
multiply the way I did three but I don't
remember having any problems with lag or
serious framerate issues at all that I
did that I'm having right now like the
on the first day that this came out i
played this probably 12 hours between
finishing single-player and uh putting a
couple hours in the multiplayer no no
not eat a couple hours because like I
keep trying it for maybe 10 minutes just
to see if has gotten any better and it's
terrible like i doubt i finished more
than one or two matches but i probably
loaded the game multiplayer up 10 times
and there have been times where it
literally freezes for three seconds
three seconds is a long time long time
at the one time i could specifically
remember is it was in one of the beta
maps and the game just locked up
completely because i had a couple
teammates running around near me and
there's a couple of the enemies running
around near me and the game just locked
and I was like well I'm dead and I was
alive then I got an assist somehow and
then like it unlocked I was like oh my
god how am I lie still and then I just
turn and behind this barn there was just
another dude waiting there ready to kill
me and I died in sleep because it got me
a lag and stuttered again he's just
insanely frustrating how bad multiplayer
is right now well technically not and
there's a caucus of the game because the
technicalities what it's cuz of lag like
if it worked perfectly like its supposed
to it be good right yeah it would be fun
but it's unplayable it's unplayable in
my opinion and it's not because of our
internet connection either we have a
great internet connection mm-hmm it's
who knows why the game gets unbelievably
shitty framerates and I I don't
necessarily think it's lag I think it's
just poorly designed with really bad
frame rates hmm